c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\bin\Debug\Vafadar_GOL.exe
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\bin\Debug\Vafadar_GOL.pdb
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\Vafadar_GOL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\UserControlWorld1.g.cs
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\Vafadar_GOL_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\Vafadar_GOL_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\UserControlWorld1.baml
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\Vafadar_GOL.g.resources
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\Vafadar_GOL.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\Vafadar_GOL.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\Vafadar_GOL.exe
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\Vafadar_GOL.pdb
c:\users\safa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Safa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\UserControlWorld2.g.cs
C:\Users\Safa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\UserControlWorld2.baml
C:\Users\Safa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\UserControlRadioMatrix.g.cs
C:\Users\Safa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\WindowCheckRules.g.cs
C:\Users\Safa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\UserControlRadioMatrix.baml
C:\Users\Safa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\WindowCheckRules.baml
C:\Users\Safa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\UserControlWorld2DrSadeghi.g.cs
C:\Users\Safa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Vafadar_GOL\Vafadar_GOL\obj\Debug\UserControlWorld2DrSadeghi.baml
